help: Improve user stream management docs (#27204)
zulip/zulip: help/manage-user-stream-subscriptions.md

1. Click **Add**.

{tab|via-user-profile}

{!right-sidebar-view-profile.md!}

1. Select the **Streams** tab.

> 1. Under **Subscribe user to streams**, select the stream you would like
>    to add the user to.

Reviewer: I think we should follow a similar pattern to https://zulip.com/help/starting-a-new-topic#how-to-start-a-new-topic (**From other views** tab), and say something like:

```suggestion
1. Under **Subscribe user to streams**, select a stream from the
   dropdown list. You can start typing to filter streams.
```
